Suggestions for readmes (#13)
intercom/minicom-public: README.md

This will get you the foo site running at http://127.0.0.1:8008, the bar interface running at http://127.0.0.1:8009 and a webserver running at http://127.0.0.1:3000.

## Your set-up task
1. Run Foo at http://127.0.0.1:8008, verify that an alert with `Yay! Everything works` fires
2. Run Bar at http://127.0.0.1:8009, verify that an alert with `Yay! Everything works` fires

> 🥳 If those worked, well done! You're all set for the interview! 

Author: Making it clear that they don't need to do anything else for the set-up - can someone confirm that's correct?

> 🤔 If not, something might be off... but don't worry, this is not part of a test! We'll be able to help you set up on the day of the interview. 

Author: Is this a fair assumption?

Reviewer: I'm not sure we would want to phrase it that way. I think we want to make sure it's up and working for you, otherwise on the day of the test it's unlikely we will have this setup in 15 minutes which has caused interviews to run over, postpone to next day, or damaged the person's setup as we tried one command after another. 

cc @patocallaghan to confirm

Author: Got it! What else can we tell them to help them debug?

Author: Or should they let us know ahead of the interview that it hasn't worked?

Reviewer 2: Generally the problem this repo is trying to solve is that people can't get all of their dependencies set up or the servers running on the day. We imagine some folks will have some issues due to how their local environments are set up. I guess they should be making sure the setup, start, foo and bar scripts ran without any errors.

Author: I understand that that's the ideal goal - I'm just wondering, if I'm a candidate, and I can't get this working, what can I do about that? 

We could tell candidates one or some of these:
- Say nothing - and on the day of the interview we get a worried candidate without a working set-up 😞
- Give them guidance on how to fix those errors, maybe there are common error cases we know about? 
- Tell them our expectation that they should figure out themselves how to set up this project - is that the case?
- Ask them to send us feedback on how this setup process failed for them - maybe at least for the first few candidates?

But ultimatley, I think we should reassure them that the interview will still go ahead (right?!) even if they have issues - and that we are here to help them be successful. For that, we can either provide support before the interview or on the interview day.

Does that make sense? Happy to chat if easier!

Reviewer 2: 👍 I'd say it would be a combo of 

* > Give them guidance on how to fix those errors, maybe there are common error cases we know about
* > Ask them to send us feedback on how this setup process failed for them - maybe at least for the first few candidates?`.

We mention in the email that we send to candidates to let us know if they couldn't get set up with the repo but no harm having it here too. If they have trouble setting up we may be able to schedule more time for setup on the day rather than the usual 15 mins.

Author: Thanks for the context Pat! What if I rephrase it to:
```suggestion
🤔 If not, please let us know ahead of the interview. We want to make sure you have it all set up before the interview day.
```

Reviewer 2: I like it 👌

Reviewer: That rephrasing sounds great Sabrina! 👍

- **POST /foo/** (validates that the frontend can talk to backend)
- **POST /bar/** (validates that the frontend can talk to backend)

## Folders
### Folders

Each Server framework is in its own folder (named after the framework) and has its own readme. You can safely ignore anything in the frameworks that you are not using.
Each Server framework is in its own folder (named after the framework) and has its own Readme. You can safely ignore anything in the frameworks that you are not using.

- [Rails](./rails/README.md)
- [Spring](./spring/README.md)
- [Django](./django/README.md)
- [Node](./node/README.md)

> ## Prototype!

Author: I removed this bit as it confused me during the set-up and I don't feel it's relevant then
